# Creation of a squeezed states source

This repository contains scripts developed to find the optimal parameters for a chosen non-linear crystal and optical 
cavity geometry. Please note that this repository does not include the literature review or theoretical background; it is
solely focused on the practical aspect of parameter optimization.

# Install

### General information

Required python `>= 3.8` and `pip`

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Using Pycharm

If you are using Pycharm follow these simple steps:

1. On **GitHub**, click the button <span style="color:lime;"><> Code</span> and copy the link
2. On **Pycharm**, go to `Git > Clone`
3. Paste the url of the **GitHub** repository you just copied and click clone.
4. You can now access the files. The GUI should automatically ask you if you want to download the requirements

### Using Spyder

#### How to clone a repository in Spyder?

Tutorial was found at [this link](https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/issues/17271#issuecomment-1031753490).

You need to open a system terminal, go to the directory you want to clone and do `git clone your-repo-here.git`, then you 
can open Spyder and either create a new project in the directory where you cloned your repository, or just open in the 
files pane the directory where you cloned the repository

#### How to sync a Spyder folder with GitHub?

To sync your folder you need to use git commands, https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf, normally 
you will have two most use cases that are syncing with your remote repo and publishing your changes to the remote repo.
This has to be done in a system terminal as well.

- Exploring changes: `git fetch`
- Sync remote changes to local repository: `git pull`
- To publish changes, first create a commit with a description and then publish them: 
```
git add -A 
git commit -m "Description of the changes"
git push
```

# Project organization

Each folder contains a jupyer notebook in which the calculations are performed.
Additional files are also present as utilities for the calculations.
Each folder also contains a `figure\` folder where the plots are saved.

### Folders

* `cavity\ ` : Contains calculations from ray-optics/gaussian beam. The goal is to find the waist for a given cavity geometry;
* `nlo\` : Contains scripts related to the non-linear optimisation of SHG
* `squeezing\ ` : Contains scripts related to the prediction of squeezing generated by an Optical Parametric Oscillator  (OPO);
* `utils\ `: Various utility functions for plot, sqlite, etc.